### Members Present:

    • Cameron
    • Zihao
    • Arya
    • Manpreet

### Schedule:

&check; 30 mins : Hi-fi
&check; 30 mins : Deliverable03 documentation

### Topics discussed:

    Discussed the Hi-Fi prototype and minor changes that need to be made.

    Discussed the usability testing outcome summary(Issues table)

    Distributed tasks for deliverable03

    Created a new group timetable based on change of availability.

### Tasks to do this meeting:

    Discussion of above topics for deliverable03 submission

### Tasks to do next meeting:

    • Complete Hi-Fi prototype(Saturday)
    • Complete the Issues table(Friday)
    • Code setup - expo, npm, react native.
